So much glamor is there in the statement
For a long time hamburg did not consider it
seen like last night
Hollywood superstar Sylvester stallone
came to the Hanseatic city around his
Boxing of alter ego hockey on the
Musical stage in the ring rise
see a longtime dream of
stallone years ago
his food on the new yorker
Broadway wanted now it is the
become hamburger reeperbahn
The world premiere takes place here the
shows how much the world
has changed
he was just arguing about everything
broadway we are one now
international community
I'm so happy and it's great the
Klitschkos are here and we bring
something new to the world together
I'm so proud of you I'm proud of
Hamburg
as co-producers with the party
the equally powerful ones
enterprising boxing champion
brothers klitschko the next colder and
every quantity pr
also box coaching for rocky performers
contributed damage
rocchi does not have the water rocky
shown and made me grow to chunks
brought
a human was fighting nuclear school to
rather fight for it takes place around fight
So a 76 came out there I am
just been born
So we really want to have it
we very neatly a living legend
and with living legendary music
Of course, the musical stage is the right one
Hook by call engraved rock that
musical is a lavishly staged
Spectacular including one in the
stage room driving boxing ring for the
big showdown
history gags almost everything
gets straight from the movie to the stage
this will work
the musical actor you can salvage
there already plays the
Of course, the boxer wrecked with the
approval from nesta stallone of it
not to be taken with the selection
to have a say in the performance of the actor
who lives in vienna German americans
savage was allowed after a long casting
process finally in the boxing gloves
hatch to fill it now applies
was a personal concern of mine
that I do not just imitate
I also said that to the storm
if I do that, then I offend
us both and he was totally open and
says you have to find yourself then
the cinema is and I try it
to occupy as little as possible
So there is a huge template and
if you accept that and then
Again, you can sleep at night
it will be a good night's sleep for investors team
not until the 15 million euro
production costs for rock he
are recorded
nothing is left to chance
risks are kept as low as possible
an internationally known fabric of the
from the first rain of the broadways
is being edited and the marketing
machine is running at full speed
as did the movie so shall roque
the musical conquer the world
strive for a biggest decision
I have
food
then I hear
I say
the FR
for the creative duo steven slater and
Linz is the broadway a winning road
Tony Awards and Oscar nominations
you have in your pocket
hamburg was new territory
I'm from New York coming out
not a bad thing
We have over this years small
Scratcher called Broadway worked and
At some point you start to think that
the world on 9 x 10 roadblocks
but it does not really do that
as to hamburg thinks the reeperbahn
harbor and musical so think the goal of
Production company around the reputation as
continue to cement the musical metropolis
builds them up by 60 million euros
fourth big house in the Hanseatic city
directly opposite the scandalous
financed by the public sector
elbphilharmonie
hockey does not win against the
but world champion has become dear
his noble ones and the respect of one
nation fights for the musical version
Rocky does not turn into a horror show
now depends on whether you are the audience
indeed
to 7
si
dream of me